title: "T0"
layout: post
date: 2019-08-20 12:01
image: /assets/images/markdown.jpg
headerImage: false
tag:
- life
star: false
category: blog
author: orest
description: it had to start somewhere
---

### T0

willem turned 5 yesterday.  he climbed into bed with us in the morning, after waking up, and all i could think of is how big he is already.  i can't believe it's been 5 years, but michelle and i did remeniss about the morning of his birth, how i was all dressed and ready to go to work when she said we needed to go to the hospital.  i replied something like "why don't we see how this goes, i'll go into work for a little and you can call me later", to which she replied something like **"we need to go right now!"**

on this day we both went to work.  my mom, who was visiting for the long weekend, stayed home with both kids.  she had her old co-worker come over and hang out with her and also the neighboors, who's a stay-at-home dad, took in willem to play with his girls while victoria napped.  reflecting back on it, this is not the life i envisioned 20 years ago, the goal was swindle a bank out of a fake mortgage and move to fuji, drink cheap beer and smoke weed every day.

in the evening we went to willem's [requested restaurant](https://redcowmn.com/mpls-50th-street/)[^1], one of his favorites. we've been there enough that he knows that he loves their mac&cheese and it's really close to his daycare which he thinks is the coolest thing ever.  victoria doens't mind it either, she also gets mac&cheese.  we had desert, sang *happy birthday* and afterwards went to play at a playground where we met another family and their daughter is going to be in willem's kindergarden class in 2 weeks.

today is another day, not as fun as yesterday, but monumental in its own right.  after about 3 days of messing around with github i finally figured out all of the kinks, *at least for now*, about how to set up this website and a blog attached to it.  so here we go, **Welcome to T0**[^2], the start of something new.

* * *


[^1]: i'm not really spamming you with this restaurant, and although the kid loves it i think there are much better burger choices around in minneapolis. i'm also not really found of edina and generally do not want to promote anything to do with it.  but, what i am doing is learning markdown and this gives me an opportunity to practice footnotes and they do have a happy hour :).

[^2]: this has nothing to do with krib really, the krib of old.  this is simply the first post of many more to come where i try to do all of the things that i talk about [here](https://ir7777.github.io/KRIB/about/).    


